#summary Background and general information on how to get started.

= Introduction =
This module is built for a free and very powerful home automation program called Premise Home Control Server, aka SYS for short.  Premise is completely object oriented and also has an SDK.  More information about Premise, including download links for Premise is found here:
http://www.cocoontech.com/wiki/Premise

The module only works with the VRC0P or VRC0Pv3 (aka +3).  It will not work generically with the Zensys Serial API used by other serial and USB controllers as the Zensys Serial API is proprietary and would have required us to sign a Non-disclosure Agreement.  Consequently, since an open easily modifiable module was the goal, the VRC0P controller was chosen.

This module, named ViziaRF, is meant to be fully compatible with the native home and device classes used by Premise.  

_*This project adds support to Premise for these z-wave devices:*_
 * Switches
 * Dimmers
 * Humidity and Temperature sensors (Tested: HM-TS001)
 * Motion sensors (Tested: ZIR000, HSM100)
 * Door sensors (Tested: HM-DW001, HRDS1, SM103)
 * Flood sensor (Tested: HM-FS001)
 * Thermostats (Tested: TZEMT400)
 * Controllers (allows buttons to trigger events in Premise.  Tested: VRCZ04-M0, VRCZ04-MR)
 * Locks (only supported on VRC0Pv3. The VRC0Pv3 has a +3 on written on it's back.  Kwikset locks have been verified to work and give two way status)

Further, if a device supports hailing, full two way control will work with Premise.  This allows a device to give instant updates to Premise when a user manually actuates it.

= Details =
This project contains an XDO file that is meant for use with Premise Builder.  Premise Builder was used to build the XDO file.  An XDO file is really just an XML file that Premise's engine called SYS (which is a windows based service) can interpret.  

<p>The file was built from within Premise Builder via its easy to learn vbscript like language.  While Premise does offer an SDK that could have also been used with C++ or .net, the internal vbscript language was chosen for ease of testing and modifications.</p>

==Installation==
 # Download and install _Premise Home Control Software Version 2.1_  form this page: http://www.premisesystems.net/downloads/
 # Download the latest XDO file from here:  https://zwave-driver-for-premise.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ViziaRF/ViziaRF.xdo
 # Navigate to Modules->Leviton and delete it if you are using a previous version.  Ignore this step if you are doing a fresh install.  NOTE: if you don't do this you'll end up with duplicate GUIDs and SYS (the engine that runs Premise) will crash. However, SYS is recoverable from this type of mistake.
 # Right click on import and import the updated XDO.
 # Navigate to Devices.CustomDevices
 # Right click new -> ViziaRF
 # Navigate to Devices->CustomDevices->ViziaRF
 # Set VRC0Pv3 to true by clicking the checkbox called VRC0Pv3. If you are using an older VRC0P that does not have +3 on the back label, do not check this box.
 # Set Network to whatever COM port you're using.
 # Set the NodeID for the VRC0P that is connected to Premise. This is very important. This is the only NodeID that will not be automatically obtained. This NodeID can be found via your primary z-wave controller.
 # Now navigate to Devices->CustomDevices->ViziaRF->Devices and toggle "Discover Devices."  You should ensure that you see packets being sent back and forth between Premise and the VRC0P. From the task bar, navigate to View->Port Spy.
 # When Discovery completes, initialization will automatically start. For each device, initialization gets the z-wave name and location, the model and version information, and lastly any current associations. It is recommended to wait until the Initializing boolean found under Devices.CustomDevices->ViziaRF->Devices is false before proceeding.

=About the VRC0P secondary Z-Wave controller=
There are to date three versions of the controller: RZC0P, VRC0P and VRC0P+3.  Only the VRC0P+3 supports beaming (e.g. locks) as it is newest version.  All three versions of this device will work with the ViziaRF Premise module.

=Where to find help with the Premise Z-Wave driver?=
Visit http://www.cocoontech.com/forums/index.php?showforum=51 for help with Premise and the VRC0P driver.